hey guys it's me again three video I am
going to do a video quality sample of
the front-facing camera on my sony
xperia s so right now i'm recording
using the front facing camera is
recording actually at a resolution of
720p so it's pretty good we've got 1
point 2 megapixels camera at the front
if i'm not wrong so i'm doing this video
like a like a blogger well i think that
if people use a front facing camera for
video mode I think they almost like we
use for bloggy so when I'm in my living
room as you can see this a lot of lights
in a bag so I'm going to walk around and
test out whether if there's any image
stabilization or video stabilizer for
this point facing camera so I'm going to
walk around I'm not walking at that
place and in the bright place so I'm
walking towards my teacher Miss which is
pretty duck so you can actually see the
amount of noise produce proof the front
facing camera you can see from the back
there's actually a pretty large mouth
noise at a bit so I don't think there is
any xmas and so on the front facing
camera so it won't reduce any amount
minds so I'm walking back to my living
room as you can see the image
stabilization I don't think you work
once I don't see anything I'm change the
image stabilisation and also time I'm
not looking at your phone I mean not
looking you because i'm actually in the
screen stereo front-facing camera which
somewhere about here so I'm don't blame
me for that and yeah so hopefully you
guys I can hear you audio and can watch
your video properly and this one you get
on the phone ok so I'm put upload this
video tyranny on the phone itself to
youtube so hopefully you guys can watch
your videos and those who haven't seen
my face before this my face yeah so
hopefully it's a pretty good video
sample i will stop going out to another
video for you guys yeah so and that's
all for today video and hopefully you
can see you guys my next video bye bye